c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\ytSubscriber.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\ytSubscriber_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\ytSubscriber.exe.config
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\ytSubscriber.exe
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\ytSubscriber.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\ytSubscriber_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\ytSubscriber.g.resources
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\ytSubscriber.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\ytSubscriber.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\ytSubscriber.exe
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ytSubscriber\ytSubscriber\obj\Debug\ytSubscriber.pdb
